# Meeting Minutes 

Team name: __Coffee__

Members present: 
- Matt
- Josh
- Alyshai

Date: __11//2025__

Time: __10:00am__

### Discussion points:

* Remaining work largely involves frontend routing and linking the statistics page to the coffee list page
* Alyshai had several suggestions for UI improvements and the inclusion of animations. Josh mention the idea of a coffee filling while the loading was occurring
* Discussed the revisions to the SRS that we have to do (make it match our actual app's features)
* Reviewed testing methodology and deliverables - screenshots of results in a document and wait for Dr. Raza's testing form.

### Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Update login page UI to match the rest of the app
* Update timer page UI to match the rest of the app
* Move statistics display to Coffee List page
* Revise SRS
* Update Jira


