# Meeting Minutes 

Team name: __Coffee__

Members present: 
- Matt
- Jaden
- Josh

Date: __10/3/2025__

Time: __5:20pm__

### Discussion points:

* Constructed overall project implementation plan
    - Josh: front end recipe UI
    - Matt: front end login, sign-up, and supabase user auth
    - Jaden: backend user authentication and coffee bag entry APIs
* Filled Jira backlog and built sprint (See Sprint #1)
* Solved .env and Supabase key issues
* Development environment working on all our machines

### Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Complete assigned Jira tickets from Sprint 1

