# Meeting Minutes 

Team name: __Coffee__

Members present: 
- Matt
- Jaden

Date: __11//2025__

Time: __6:00pm__

### Discussion points:

* Discussed remaining tasks left in backend development (Brew result logging and statistics generation)
* Troubleshot Combobox component bug and resolve error
* Updated Typescript types

### Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Josh finishes frontend routing revisions and statistics page

