# Meeting Minutes 

Team name: __Coffee__

Members present: 
- Matt
- Josh
- Jaden

Date: __11//2025__

Time: __2:00pm__

### Discussion points:

* Brief post-class meeting:
* Josh explained the remaining frontend work he has remaining; just rerouting the statistics page to be accessible from the main Coffee Bag page.
* Jaden will have a few endpoints to change once Josh makes his changes
* Matt will look over rubric and ensure all nesessary elements are present

### Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Move statistics display to Coffee List page
* Finish backend
* Get a video of a workable demo
* Review rubric

